---
layout: post
title: DANCE/CoDaS@Snowmass 2022
postimage: /assets/images/codas.jpg
hero_image: /assets/images/codas.jpg
hide_hero: false
summary: Computational and data science software training Event co-located at Snowmass. Support for travel and dorm rooms.
---
We are pleased to announce the DANCE/CoDaS@Snowmass 2022 computational and data science software training event co-located with the Snowmass community Summer study in Seattle this summer. The event's [indico page can be found here](https://indico.cern.ch/event/1151329/).

The DANCE/CoDaS@Snowmass 2022 event is a collaboration between the Dark Matter and Neutrino Computation Explored (DANCE) collaboration and the Computational and Data Science for High Energy Physics school.

Advanced software is a critical ingredient to scientific research. Training young researchers in the latest tools and techniques is an essential part of developing the skills required for a successful career both in research and in industry.

DANCE/CoDaS@Snowmass 2022 is aimed at senior graduate students and/or early postdocs (in their first year) who have a solid base of software skills and are interested in developing more advanced skills as well as participating in the Snowmass Community Summer Study. Applicants should be affiliated with a U.S. university (students/postdocs) or laboratory (postdocs).

Specific topics to be covered at the school include:

- The Scientific Python ecosystem for particle physics
- Advanced Data Analysis tools in the Python Ecosystem
- Machine Learning, Bayesian Networks
- Statistical tools for particle physics

The school offers a limited number of young researchers an opportunity to learn these skills from experienced scientists and instructors. Successful applicants will receive travel and lodging support to attend the school.

The training activities will take place in the mornings of 19-23 July and participants will be free to engage with the larger Snowmass community activities in the afternoons. Participants are expected to arrive on or before 18 July and remain through the end of the Snowmass event on 26 July.

For selected participants we wil cover the cost of transport (flight, transfer) to Seattle from locations in the US (up to 500 USD) as well as 6 nights in the dorms and lunches during the training activity. The research group of the graduate student or postdoc should cover the Snowmass registration fee, the remaining nights in the dorms during the Snowmass event and any travel costs beyond 500 USD. Applicants should upload a letter from their advisor/PI confirming that these additional costs will be paid by their research group.

Applications can be submitted via this [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1hKcQg0_1qytnzaErBhy5UqtQ9ZxdfFCnbg_nwmtDnXM/edit)

The deadline for full considerations of applications is 25 May, 2022 - but feel free to submit after that time.

The total number of participants is limited by available funding and the size of the training venue. In the event that the number of applications exceeds the available positions, the organisers will select applicants with a preference for senior graduate students, first year postdocs and those with a demonstrated and strong base of software skills.

Chris Tunnell - Rice University
Amy Roberts - University of Colorado at Denver Andrew Renshaw - University of Houston Sudhir Malik - University of Puerto Rico at Mayaguez Peter Elmer - Princeton University
